Update sources model with clear comment on what freshness block is used by the customers table (#5687)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/sources.md

          warn_after: {count: 6, period: hour}
          error_after: {count: 12, period: hour}

>       - name: customers # this will use the default freshness defined in the source block above

Reviewer: remove above for accessibility 

```suggestion
      - name: customers # this inherits the default freshness defined in the jaffle_shop source block at the beginning
```
